README.rst, before:

ndarray
=========

The ``ndarray`` crate provides an *n*-dimensional container for general elements
and for numerics.

Please read the `API documentation on docs.rs`__
or take a look at the `quickstart tutorial <./README-quick-start.md>`_.

__ https://docs.rs/ndarray/

|build_status|_ |crates|_

.. |build_status| image:: https://github.com/rust-ndarray/ndarray/workflows/Continuous%20integration/badge.svg?branch=master
.. _build_status: https://github.com/rust-ndarray/ndarray/actions

.. |crates| image:: http://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/ndarray
.. _crates: https://crates.io/crates/ndarray

Highlights
----------

- Generic 1, 2, ..., *n*-dimensional arrays
- Owned arrays and array views
- Slicing, also with arbitrary step size, and negative indices to mean
  elements from the end of the axis.
- Views and subviews of arrays; iterators that yield subviews.

Status and Lookout
------------------

- Still iterating on and evolving the crate

  + The crate is continuously developing, and breaking changes are expected
    during evolution from version to version. We adopt the newest stable
    rust features if we need them.

- Performance:

  + Prefer higher order methods and arithmetic operations on arrays first,
    then iteration, and as a last priority using indexed algorithms.
  + Efficient floating point matrix multiplication even for very large
    matrices; can optionally use BLAS to improve it further.

Crate Feature Flags
-------------------

The following crate feature flags are available. They are configured in
your `Cargo.toml`.

- ``serde``

  - Optional, compatible with Rust stable
  - Enables serialization support for serde 1.x

- ``rayon``

  - Optional, compatible with Rust stable
  - Enables parallel iterators, parallelized methods and ``par_azip!``.

- ``blas``

  - Optional and experimental, compatible with Rust stable
  - Enable transparent BLAS support for matrix multiplication.
    Uses ``blas-src`` for pluggable backend, which needs to be configured
    separately.

How to use with cargo
---------------------

::

    [dependencies]
    ndarray = "0.14.0"

How to enable blas integration. Depend on ``blas-src`` directly to pick a blas
provider. Depend on the same ``blas-src`` version as ``ndarray`` does, for the
selection to work.  A proposed configuration using system openblas is shown
below. Note that only end-user projects (not libraries) should select
provider::


    [dependencies]
    ndarray = { version = "0.14.0", features = ["blas"] }
    blas-src = { version = "0.6.1", default-features = false, features = ["openblas"] }
    openblas-src = { version = "0.9", default-features = false, features = ["cblas", "system"] }

For official releases of ``ndarray``, the versions are:

=========== ============ ================
``ndarray`` ``blas-src`` ``openblas-src``
=========== ============ ================
0.14.0      0.6.1        0.9.0
0.13.0      0.2.0        0.6.0
0.12.\*     0.2.0        0.6.0
0.11.\*     0.1.2        0.5.0
=========== ============ ================

Recent Changes
--------------

See `RELEASES.md <./RELEASES.md>`_.

License
=======

Dual-licensed to be compatible with the Rust project.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 or the MIT license
http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT, at your
option. This file may not be copied, modified, or distributed
except according to those terms.

Commit message:

No_std support for ndarray (#864)
This pr enables ndarray to be used in the no_std environment, and maintains most of the functions. Fixes #708.
The `geomspace` `linspace` `logspace` `range` `var_axis` and `std_axis` methods are only available when `std` is enabled at current. And 'blas''rayon''serde' features are not available without std too.

README.rst, after:

ndarray
=========

The ``ndarray`` crate provides an *n*-dimensional container for general elements
and for numerics.

Please read the `API documentation on docs.rs`__
or take a look at the `quickstart tutorial <./README-quick-start.md>`_.

__ https://docs.rs/ndarray/

|build_status|_ |crates|_

.. |build_status| image:: https://github.com/rust-ndarray/ndarray/workflows/Continuous%20integration/badge.svg?branch=master
.. _build_status: https://github.com/rust-ndarray/ndarray/actions

.. |crates| image:: http://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/ndarray
.. _crates: https://crates.io/crates/ndarray

Highlights
----------

- Generic 1, 2, ..., *n*-dimensional arrays
- Owned arrays and array views
- Slicing, also with arbitrary step size, and negative indices to mean
  elements from the end of the axis.
- Views and subviews of arrays; iterators that yield subviews.

Status and Lookout
------------------

- Still iterating on and evolving the crate

  + The crate is continuously developing, and breaking changes are expected
    during evolution from version to version. We adopt the newest stable
    rust features if we need them.

- Performance:

  + Prefer higher order methods and arithmetic operations on arrays first,
    then iteration, and as a last priority using indexed algorithms.
  + Efficient floating point matrix multiplication even for very large
    matrices; can optionally use BLAS to improve it further.

Crate Feature Flags
-------------------

The following crate feature flags are available. They are configured in
your `Cargo.toml`.

- ``std``

  - Rust Standard Library

  - This crate can be used without the standard library by disabling the
    default `std` feature. To do so, use this in your `Cargo.toml`:

    [dependencies]
    ndarray = { version = "0.x.y", default-features = false }

  - The `geomspace` `linspace` `logspace` `range` `std` `var` `var_axis` and `std_axis`
    methods are only available when `std` is enabled.

- ``serde``

  - Optional, compatible with Rust stable
  - Enables serialization support for serde 1.x

- ``rayon``

  - Optional, compatible with Rust stable
  - Enables parallel iterators, parallelized methods and ``par_azip!``.

- ``blas``

  - Optional and experimental, compatible with Rust stable
  - Enable transparent BLAS support for matrix multiplication.
    Uses ``blas-src`` for pluggable backend, which needs to be configured
    separately.

How to use with cargo
---------------------

::

    [dependencies]
    ndarray = "0.14.0"

How to enable blas integration. Depend on ``blas-src`` directly to pick a blas
provider. Depend on the same ``blas-src`` version as ``ndarray`` does, for the
selection to work.  A proposed configuration using system openblas is shown
below. Note that only end-user projects (not libraries) should select
provider::


    [dependencies]
    ndarray = { version = "0.14.0", features = ["blas"] }
    blas-src = { version = "0.6.1", default-features = false, features = ["openblas"] }
    openblas-src = { version = "0.9", default-features = false, features = ["cblas", "system"] }

For official releases of ``ndarray``, the versions are:

=========== ============ ================
``ndarray`` ``blas-src`` ``openblas-src``
=========== ============ ================
0.14.0      0.6.1        0.9.0
0.13.0      0.2.0        0.6.0
0.12.\*     0.2.0        0.6.0
0.11.\*     0.1.2        0.5.0
=========== ============ ================

Recent Changes
--------------

See `RELEASES.md <./RELEASES.md>`_.

License
=======

Dual-licensed to be compatible with the Rust project.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 or the MIT license
http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT, at your
option. This file may not be copied, modified, or distributed
except according to those terms.
